Now that Android studio is installed, we want to open it up and how do we open it up?
Well, the first thing we can do is we can press command spacebar and we can look for Android studio.
And when we find that and we open it up for the first time, what we're going to do is we're going to
run through a couple of things.
It's going to tell us, hey, this is an app download from the Internet.
You sure you want to open it open?
Because it's fine.
And we're going to say do not import any settings because we don't have any prior settings.
And it's going to start initializing Android studio for us.
We're not going to send statistics.
And so now it's going to go through a small setup wizard for us.
And what we're going to do is we're just going to follow it.
We're going to say, hey, we want a standard setup or maybe we want to customize it, but most likely
we want a standard setup.
We can choose between a light in a dark theme.
I prefer the dark theme.
And what it's going to say to us is it's going to say, I'm going to download the Android emulator,
I'm going to download the software development kit for Platform 30 and all of this other stuff.
Amazing.
It's doing the standard installation that we need and we're going to finish.
And now it's going to go through the download procedure, getting all of the things that the Android
software development kit needs.
And that is in turn what's going to allow us to run our Expo app on the Android simulator.
And so once this installation procedure finishes, we're going to set up our first emulator.
We've hit a critical portion in the insulation process, it's going to ask you a couple of times potentially
to fill in your password because certain software that is trying to install is trying to make changes.
And this is just something that the installation procedure requires.
So we're just going to fill in our password and say, OK, because it's OK that it needs to do these
things.
Now it's going to say, hey, the system extension is blocked, so let's open privacy and security and
it's going to take you to the right place.
And what we're going to do here is we're going to press the little icon and we're going to use our password
or finger if you have that ability and we're going to say allow.
And that's going to allow the software to do its thing that we always want to make sure that we're following
along and reading exactly what happens.
The whole point of this is that the installation happens completely and correctly.
Now, with that said, if you do run into any issues again, you can reach out on our amazing Dischord
community or in the Q&A section, we really recommend joining the Dischord community as we really help
each other out there.
We've obviously fast forwarded through the majority of the installation process as the installation
process and the installing of all of these different portions of Android studio can take a while.
So be patient.
And then once you reach the screen, you can press finish.
And once you've finished, you've now completed the Android studio installation.
So now let's go see how we're actually going to run on a simulator.